README.md, before:


<img align="center" src="https://github.com/iamr-kumar/iamr-kumar/blob/master/assets/header.png?raw=true" width="800px">

## <img src="https://github.com/iamr-kumar/iamr-kumar/blob/master/assets/wave.gif" width="29px"> **Hello There**
<p>
    I am a Software Engineer at Microsoft.
    I am a recent CS grad from Vellore Institute of Technology, Vellore.
    I love to read, write and watch anime.
</p>

### What I am upto

- 🔭 I’m currently working on some cool open source projects.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning backend development with Golang.
- ⚡ Fun fact: Books are my happy place.

### Languages I use

![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Dart](https://img.shields.io/badge/dart-%230175C2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=dart&logoColor=white)
![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/go-%2300ADD8.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=go&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)

### Libraries and Frameworks I use

![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white)
![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![NestJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/nestjs-%23E0234E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nestjs&logoColor=white)
![GraphQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GraphQL-E10098?style=for-the-badge&logo=graphql&logoColor=white)
![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-%2302569B.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Flutter&logoColor=white)

### Databases I use

![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MongoDB-47A248?style=flat-square&logo=MongoDB&logoColor=ffffff)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-%2300f.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)

### Tools I use

![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-%23F05032?style=flat-square&logo=git&logoColor=%23ffffff)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-181717?style=flat-square&logo=github)
![VS Code](http://img.shields.io/badge/-VS%20Code-007ACC?style=flat-square&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=ffffff)
![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)


### Connect With Me <img src="https://github.com/Srezzx/Srezzx/blob/master/Assets/Handshake.gif" height="32px">

| [<img src="https://github.com/iamr-kumar/iamr-kumar/blob/master/assets/Linkedin.svg" alt="Linkedin Logo" width="32">](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ritik-kumar-bba915187/) | [<img src="https://github.com/iamr-kumar/iamr-kumar/blob/master/assets/Twitter.svg" alt="Twitter Logo" width="32">](https://twitter.com/itsr_kumar) | [<img src="https://github.com/iamr-kumar/iamr-kumar/blob/master/assets/Instagram.svg" alt="instagram logo" width="32">](https://www.instagram.com/iamr_kumar/?hl=en) | [<img src="https://github.com/iamr-kumar/iamr-kumar/blob/master/assets/github-icon.svg" alt="Github logo" width="34">](https://github.com/iamr-kumar) | [<img src="https://github.com/iamr-kumar/iamr-kumar/blob/master/assets/Gmail.svg" alt="Gmail logo" height="32">](mailto:ritik.kumar006@gmail.com)
|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|


<strong><h3> My Top Lanaguages </h3></strong>
[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=iamr-kumar&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)


<strong><h3> My GitHub Stats </h3></strong>
<a align="center" href="https://github.com/iamr-kumar">
<img width="49%" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=iamr-kumar&show_icons=true&hide_border=false&theme=tokyonight&count_private=true&include_all_commits=true" alt="Git Stats" />
<img width="49%" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=iamr-kumar&theme=tokyonight" alt="Ritik Kumar's GitHub Streak" />
</a>

Commit message:

Revise README with current role and projects
Updated personal information and project details in README.

README.md, after:


<img align="center" src="https://github.com/iamr-kumar/iamr-kumar/blob/master/assets/header.png?raw=true" width="800px">

## <img src="https://github.com/iamr-kumar/iamr-kumar/blob/master/assets/wave.gif" width="29px"> **Hello There**
<p>
    I am a Software Engineer at Microsoft.
    At work, I build systems that help run Azure PostgreSQL.
    At leisure, I learn and experiment with complex (and simple) backend components.
    I love to read, write and watch anime.
</p>

### What I am upto

- 🔭 Trying to build a simple LSM-Tree based database, based off of notes I took from DDIA.
- 🌱 Trying to learn about various nuances that systems running at scale use.
- ⚡ Exploring the cool AI stuff

### Languages I use

![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Dart](https://img.shields.io/badge/dart-%230175C2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=dart&logoColor=white)
![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/go-%2300ADD8.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=go&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)

### Libraries and Frameworks I use

![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white)
![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![NestJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/nestjs-%23E0234E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nestjs&logoColor=white)
![GraphQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GraphQL-E10098?style=for-the-badge&logo=graphql&logoColor=white)
![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-%2302569B.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Flutter&logoColor=white)

### Databases I use

![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MongoDB-47A248?style=flat-square&logo=MongoDB&logoColor=ffffff)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-%2300f.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)

### Tools I use

![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-%23F05032?style=flat-square&logo=git&logoColor=%23ffffff)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-181717?style=flat-square&logo=github)
![VS Code](http://img.shields.io/badge/-VS%20Code-007ACC?style=flat-square&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=ffffff)
![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)


### Connect With Me <img src="https://github.com/Srezzx/Srezzx/blob/master/Assets/Handshake.gif" height="32px">

| [<img src="https://github.com/iamr-kumar/iamr-kumar/blob/master/assets/Linkedin.svg" alt="Linkedin Logo" width="32">](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ritik-kumar-bba915187/) | [<img src="https://github.com/iamr-kumar/iamr-kumar/blob/master/assets/Twitter.svg" alt="Twitter Logo" width="32">](https://twitter.com/itsr_kumar) | [<img src="https://github.com/iamr-kumar/iamr-kumar/blob/master/assets/Instagram.svg" alt="instagram logo" width="32">](https://www.instagram.com/iamr_kumar/?hl=en) | [<img src="https://github.com/iamr-kumar/iamr-kumar/blob/master/assets/github-icon.svg" alt="Github logo" width="34">](https://github.com/iamr-kumar) | [<img src="https://github.com/iamr-kumar/iamr-kumar/blob/master/assets/Gmail.svg" alt="Gmail logo" height="32">](mailto:ritik.kumar006@gmail.com)
|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|


<strong><h3> My Top Lanaguages </h3></strong>
[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=iamr-kumar&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)


<strong><h3> My GitHub Stats </h3></strong>
<a align="center" href="https://github.com/iamr-kumar">
<img width="49%" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=iamr-kumar&show_icons=true&hide_border=false&theme=tokyonight&count_private=true&include_all_commits=true" alt="Git Stats" />
<img width="49%" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=iamr-kumar&theme=tokyonight" alt="Ritik Kumar's GitHub Streak" />
</a>
